♪ You don't owe me ♪
♪ One more minute of your wasted time ♪
♪ You act like it's all fine ♪
♪ It isn't hard to leave ♪
♪ Knowing that I'll be getting life
On track ♪
♪ I wanted to believe ♪
♪ I've gotta make a destination ♪
♪ Find where I belong ♪
♪ This time I've got no hesitation ♪
♪ I'll be movin' on ♪
♪ To where I belong ♪
♪ Over the line I've drawn ♪
♪ I'm already gone ♪
You sure I can't get you something?
Thank you. No. I'm… I'm fine.
Some sweet tea. or…
I understand.
Victor. I understand.
Why don't I have her call you
in the morning?
Let you both get a good night's sleep.
Understood.
Of course.
Your father was surprised to learn
you weren't in Nashville
with your friends.
You mean those "girls of dubious character
I insist on hanging out with"?
You'd think that he'd be happy
I wasn't with them.
Why didn't you tell him
you were coming here?
Look. I'm sorry I showed up unannounced.
I know it's impolite.
When I came into the party.
I was trying to be funny
because Mother always says.
"Lead with laughter."
It wasn't appropriate.
I apologize.
Not my question.
Dad and I got in a stupid argument
about my second-semester GPA
with zero consideration
for how hard the first year of college is.
And I'm already not speaking
to my mother. so…
I kind of dipped.
Honestly. I was miserable in Chicago.
I figured since I was already coming
for the wedding.
I thought I'd show up early.
Look. it's a way.
Even if it's not the Whitley way.
Why don't I get the guest room ready?
I've been using it
as… as wedding planning headquarters.
so I. um. just need a moment
to… to clear it for you.
Uh. may I help?
Thank you.
♪ Fount of knowledge. source of wisdom ♪
♪ Sweet Serenity High ♪
♪ May our love of learning guide us ♪
♪ To lofty dreams and high ♪
A fascinating end to a perfect day.
Sweet dreams.
Good night.
I'm gonna dream of coffee all night.
Won't that keep you awake?
Night. you two.
Hm.
♪ Fount of nonsense. source of boredom ♪
♪ Dull Serenity High ♪
♪ Let me out of here this minute ♪
♪ Or I swear I'll die ♪
I never did learn the school song.
Well. you weren't there that long.
I'm sorry. Did I--
No. No. I'm trying to remember.
Did I pack away my lucky socks
with all my teaching and coaching stuff?
Excuse me?
If I'm coaching the alumni game.
I need to…
I need to commit.
Clear vision.
Supportive attitude. Lucky socks.
You're one of those
superstitious ball players?
Hey. I'm just talking about socks.
That's a mild one.
Okay. should I change the subject?
I knew a guy who wouldn't wash his hair
during playoffs.
several who wouldn't shave.
and one who would rub garlic
into his hands and feet
for reasons I never understood.
Uh. no. no. no. no. no.
You are not allowed to do any of those.
You're gonna have to come up
with a new good luck ritual.
♪ I'm doing up my hair ♪
I have an idea.
I hope it's the same one I have.
♪ Can′t wait to get there ♪
♪ 'Cause I'm ready now ♪
♪ To feel your full-on power ♪
♪ Next to me ♪
♪ Yeah ♪
Thank you again. Mom and Dad.
This was a beautiful party.
On an important day. you deserve to be
surrounded by the people who love you.
Or. at least. a sampling
of the people who love you
because no place in town
could hold everyone who does.
But wait. There's more.
I planned a very special
daddy-daughter outing.
We're gonna christen a new trail ride.
courtesy of the Bike Barn.
and you get to put up
the first trail marker.
What do you say?
That's fantastic. Dad. Thank you.
You're welcome.
Jessica's settled in.
For the moment. anyway.
Thank you.
Can you tell me more
about what Victor had to say?
That was it.
Like our father.
my brother is a man of few words.
But did you ask Victor
what he thinks prompted this?
Victor was upset.
Clearly. they're going through
a rocky stretch.
There's time for questions later.
But… but wouldn't it help us help her
if we knew more?
Later.
Hmm.
Seven-letter word
for "nothing's ever simple."
W-H-I-T…
L-E-Y.
So. what are you gonna do
about your raccoon problem?
Pretty sure you're the one
with the raccoon problem.
You got two storefronts here.
both with untended hurricane damage.
which gave the raccoons full access
and an on-ramp into our walls.
What. you had your restaurant inspected?
We did it ourselves.
And came up with the results
you wanted. What a happy coincidence.
Get a professional in here.
then we'll talk.
For context. guys.
Clark went on a hunger strike junior year
to get student council
to change the homecoming theme
so he could wear an Elvis jumpsuit
instead of a tux.
Conformist cowards.
Says the man in the collared shirt.
We'll be in touch.
I'll wear that jumpsuit
to our next meeting.
Good sequins make good neighbors.
Know what makes even better neighbors?
No more meetings.
Take care of the problem. Clark.
Prove it's mine. Dana Sue.
And if it is. that wouldn't be
such a bad thing. would it?
It's been too long
since we saw each other.
Have a great day.
Here we are.
Good afternoon.
The café here is delightful.
Jessica. I'm sorry to report
that I order the same thing every time.
But I bet that Dana Sue would walk you
through the menu if you'd like.
Thank you. but that's not necessary.
I brought all of the listings
that Ruth has shown me.
and she is working on
any new ones that might fit the bill.
And Dana Sue made it very clear.
we are not going outside of Serenity.
You had the call in front of me.
I wasn't supposed to listen?
Sit with us. Then you can come along
and see some spaces.
-It'll be a fun way to tour Serenity.
-Really?
I mean. you don't have to.
but you're absolutely welcome.
Would you like a spa tour instead?
Noreen. Jessica. Jessica. Noreen.
And. Noreen. that would be lovely.
Thank you so much.
I can show you around
while the Magnolias finish their meeting.
The what?
Oh. Maddie. Dana Sue. and Helen.
Magnolias is a collective unit
much beloved here in Serenity
for how caring. inclusive.
and generous they are.
Are they for real?
Absolutely. They changed my life.
It's dark in there.
The room is dark.
"'Tis a wonder. by your leave.
she will be tamed so."
They exit.
Lights down.
End of show.
Congratulations.
cast of Taming of the Shrew.
Great first read.
Thanks to Kyle's stepdad and colleagues
here at Sullivan's and Friends
for letting us begin the rehearsal process
with a cast dinner.
Yeah! Whoo!
Uh. dinner in ten.
Thank you. ten.
Cast. get to know the people around you.
This is your family for the summer.
Go ahead. Say hi.
I know! We made it!
I can't believe it.
This is gonna be so exciting.
I don't know how you talked me into this.
Reading a play is one thing. but this?
It's okay. Carter.
We'll be the new kids together.
Hi. uh. Max said
we should introduce ourselves.
I'm Kyle. I play Petruchio.
Willow. assistant stage manager.
Nice to meet you.
Willow. lovely to meet you.
-Are you already friends with everyone?
-Not everyone.
Uh. Mr. Tallis plays Baptista.
I think he works at the bank.
Sasha plays Grumio.
He was in Midsummer with me.
He was a senior. I was a freshman.
And Timothy goes to St. Cecilius.
I hear he's big in their theater…
I didn't wanna play Lucentio
until I saw my Bianca.
Lovely to meet you.
I'm Lily. and this is--
I… I'm quite familiar with Kyle Townsend
and his reputation.
but you bring
such a natural grace to Bianca.
I'm looking forward to our scene studies.
really digging into our chemistry.
As Lucentio and Bianca. of course.
Cherry-picking theater bro.
Who is responsible for these tears?
They are not getting any dessert.
Mama. I wasn't expecting you.
Cal said to come and get a peach pie
so that we could have girls' dessert.
And he's gonna feed Kyle
and the theater troupe.
Does he… know that you're sad?
Not unless he turned psychic
in the last ten minutes.
Nell is one of my authors.
She texted me that.
The one on the right is Stacy.
She's also one of my authors.
I introduced them.
Oh.
So Nell. she wanted to thank me.
They're great friends now.
I'm so happy I got to introduce them. but
Lucas cut Stacy.
and Nell left in protest. and…
I thought I was doing great things
in New York. but…
Do great things here.
Down the rabbit hole
and out the other side.
I crave an elegant landing.
not a face-plant.
When you were a little girl
and we'd read Alice together.
do you remember what made you cry?
-The Cheshire Cat.
-Mm-hmm.
-It scared me.
-Yes.
But you also cried over the Dormouse.
Every time.
He was so little and so sleepy.
And I worried who would take care of him
after Alice left.
And. uh…
what did we decide?
-That Alice had more adventures.
-Mm-hmm.
So the Dormouse did too.
Mm-hmm.
So. um.
what if the adventures aren't over?
For Alice or the Dormouse.
Mm-hmm.
Women are
resilient. creative.
and together.
we are unstoppable.
And that is why
we should use the bar
as a coffee bar on a regular basis.
Costs stay low if we create coffee drinks
using the syrup we use in the bar.
fresh fruit we're using in the kitchen.
and so on.
The only specialty item would be
the beans. and we can justify those.
And we can serve right up to happy hour
when we switch over to cocktails.
We could explore cool coffee cocktails.
which will also help offset costs.
I have to say. Isaac.
I'm impressed.
You've answered every question
I can think to ask.
-At the moment.
-Yeah.
Reserving all rights. Pending results.
-I watch legal shows.
-Hm.
Congratulations on becoming
the coffee bar manager. Isaac.
We look forward
to watching this venture take flight.
Thought of a question.
Will you need to hire additional help?
I don't think so.
The staff can take turns rotating through.
When I practiced this on Bailey.
he seemed interested. at least.
Then you tell us what you need
when you need it.
We'll check in. but you're driving this.
You're responsible for scheduling.
for ordering. for leadership.
What kind of manager should I be?
Find your own style.
Based on what you like
about your favorite bosses.
Dana Sue.
That's it. team. Warming up those muscles.
-Reawakening those instincts.
-Right.
Don't overthink. Keep it loose.
We're doing this for fun.
We're playing for glory.
Skeeter. how's the sales
on those baseball cards of yours going?
Ah. Neville's asking 'cause Annie told him
she had to do a second printing of his.
-Hey.
-Am I the only one concentrating here?
Oh.
Fun. Clark. remember?
Hey. gentlemen. it looks like
you could use a cool drink.
Also. orange slices.
electrolytes. and popsicles.
Sandwiches. compliments of Erik.
Isaac. and Bailey.
who regret that
they did not go to Serenity High.
The team's only been practicing
for 20 minutes.
The ladies are taking good care of us.
You gotta appreciate that.
-Yeah.
-Come on in.
Come on.
-What can I get for you?
-Great coaching job. Maddox.
Wonderful attitude. Bellson.
Is Clark giving you trouble?
Will you stop worrying? I'm fine.
There's only so much practice time.
We need to focus. Some of us like to win.
Who was it that dropped
what should've been the final out
against Castlewood our senior year?
-Ooh.
-It was Clark.
You owe us. Bellson.
That's all I'm saying.
We're just asking. pretty please
Bring old Castlewood to its knees
Oh. just for that.
you're captain of our spirit squad.
We have a spirit squad?
We do now.
Go. Bulldogs! Go. Bulldogs!
I got an outfit.
Just like that.
-All right.
-Hey.
Who wants a drink?
Give me a drink.
Hey.
I'm really sorry
for crashing your graduation party.
I didn't take it that way at all.
Still. graduating is a big deal.
-Congrats.
-Thanks.
How long are you in Serenity for?
I'm not sure.
I'm just tagging around with Miss Helen
to get an introduction to the town.
You don't call her Aunt Helen? I do.
Why?
She's my godmother.
plus my mom's best friend.
and just an incredibly cool person.
Not that I don't love Chef Erik too.
Uncle Erik is the coolest in the family.
so it's not surprising that she is too.
You're very lucky.
I have to admit I came over here
with an ulterior motive.
What's up?
I could use an extra set of hands
for my bounce.
Aunt Maddie asked me to take
pictures of the team for the press.
I don't know anything about photography
other than selfies. but… I'll help.
I'll just need… help.
One of the things we do best here.
One!
Two!
Three!
Oh my.
What have you done?
-You don't like our dresses?
-No. I do. That's the problem.
This excursion was meant to help me
eliminate some options.
but you each look exquisite.
Hmm.
So this is really no help at all.
Sorry.
Nonetheless. I am…
I'm overwhelmed by your grace and beauty
and your importance in my life.
Where's your dress?
I didn't like anything
the attendant showed me.
so we'll have to come back another day.
-Should we go to Charleston?
-Back to New York?
Oh. as much as I would love that.
let's not get carried away.
It's just that Erik is second-guessing
so many elements of the wedding.
So I'm starting to second-guess
a bit myself.
I just need to step back.
rethink the kind of dress
that I truly want. and try again.
We have time.
-On whose calendar?
-Stop worrying.
Your dresses are lovely. so…
Anyhow. you gotta change back out of them.
so go on. Go.
Go.
What about shoes?
Yeah. shoes.
'Cause you're not going barefoot
to my wedding.
The low country's a habitat for wildlife
and for us.
Spending time out here reminds us
that we need to be good stewards of nature
and each other.
I'm biased. but I think the best way
to take it all in is on an e-bike.
On that note. thanks for coming.
Y'all were the first
to take this new route.
and I hope you enjoyed it
as much as I did.
Special thanks to our VIP guest. Annie.
All right. So since this is a new route…
I can put your bike away for you.
Thanks.
Especially since you're our VIP.
And the boss's daughter.
which I did not realize when I saw you at…
at Sullivan's.
I appreciate that you complimented me
without knowing who I was.
I gotta speak the truth.
Like how sorry I am
you didn't have a good time.
-No. I did.
-Don't pretend on my account.
Your secret's safe with me.
Big hearts must run in your family.
And big. beautiful eyes.
Thank you.
I hope you'll come back.
give it all another try.
Good afternoon. Beatriz.
Hello. Maddie.
I have brownies and coffee
to tempt you to have a quick chat.
That's so gracious of you.
I would've come to say hello sooner.
but. um. you haven't returned
any of my calls or emails.
-I've been avoiding you.
-Oh.
-I'd like to explain.
-Oh. okay.
I… I heard you were back
and why you were back. I'm very sorry.
-Thank you. I'm fine.
-You have so much on your plate.
I didn't want you to feel obligated
to check in on me.
Beatriz. I was checking in on you
because I missed you.
and I wanted to see how you were doing.
I haven't done anything.
I'm confused.
You gave me the list of editors
to query about my manuscript.
-And?
-They all said no.
The ones who even bothered to answer.
So I stopped emailing.
And I stopped writing. What's the point?
The point is. you have to keep going.
-How many did you email?
-Seven.
Four said no. Three didn't answer.
Seven is just a beginning. Beatriz.
But every rejection was so painful.
I can't absorb more.
I know how much it hurts
to have someone tell you
that you are not good enough
at your passion.
But most people that tell you that
are actually just looking
for something different.
Or distracted. Or flat-out wrong.
The only way to grab a "yes" is
to push through the "noes."
I'm grateful for your faith in me.
I'm sorry I let you down.
Never.
No. I… I need you to understand
that you didn't let yourself down either.
You paused to catch your breath.
Remember. your library is filled
with the work of people
who pushed past the "noes."
You're very talented.
I hope you keep trying.
I even met some new people in New York
that we can add to your list.
Your support means so much.
I know I had it while you were gone.
but in person is so much better.
-Isn't it always?
-Yes. Cheers.
And I'd do more portraits
if people didn't always complain and say.
"Oh. is that what I really look like?"
Try pet portraits. Paula.
Excellent idea!
These chats continue to inspire me.
May I suggest
we formally revive the Art Guild.
honoring all it meant
and exploring
all it now could mean to Serenity.
What a wonderful idea.
You'll be reviving the gossip too.
As if it ever stopped!
The mere idea lifts my heart.
Thank you.
No. no. no.
Noreen deserves all the credit.
She got us together to begin with.
Thank you. Noreen.
We can have the meeting right here
in the café. Get things rolling.
Oh. I'll make sure there's tea and coffee.
-I'll take care of dessert.
-And I'll bring gossip!
You should do some form of art
on the cover of the notebook.
-That's a great idea.
-Yeah.
I like the idea that I'll have your art
and you'll have my recipes
when we're apart.
I wanna learn Grammy's shortbread cookies.
with the chocolate bottom.
We haven't had those in a long while.
What brought them to mind?
They're the Christmas cookie I think of
when I picture you and Grammy
in those reindeer aprons.
It'd be nice to make them
when I'm homesick.
even if it's not Christmas.
Hmm.
Hey. how did your big bike ride
with your dad go?
I thought it was just gonna be
the two of us.
but it turned out to be
a big bunch of tourists.
which was fine but not what I'd hoped for.
Well. he probably wanted to show off
for you a bit.
let you see how well
the business is going.
I know how well it's going.
It's all he ever wants to talk about.
I'm excited for him.
but I'd like to be able
to talk about other things the way
you and I talk about everything. anything.
Hmm. Hey.
We will work together
to get your dad's shoulder off the wheel.
Hmm?
This is amazing.
His brownies are maybe the first step
in my falling in love with your uncle.
I will bake 'em for eternity to make sure
you never fall out of love with me.
Oh yeah.
You sweet man.
Jessica?
I… I wish my parents
still loved each other.
Of course he didn't tell you.
Mom and Dad are getting divorced.
Oh. I'm so sorry. Jessica.
She moved out before I even got back
from school.
And Dad wants me to stay with him
because Mom travels so much.
And she actually thinks it's a good idea.
Oh. precious.
Another rough day. huh?
I don't even know where to start.
You don't need to.
I thought you might appreciate
some dessert
and a cup of tea.
I thought you might also appreciate
a warning.
You can trifle with my feelings
all you want.
But you need to respect Annie's feelings
at all times.
She deserves happiness this summer.
and her father breaking her heart
does not make her happy.
You can't keep mixing business and family
like this. or something's gonna give.
And do you really wanna take that chance?
I talked to your father again.
And?
He didn't mention the divorce to me
because he didn't want
to overshadow my wedding.
He didn't say anything
because divorce is a failure.
It's not the Whitley way.
Jessica. I understand
how painful this must be for--
Besides. if you discuss your problems.
you might actually solve them.
It's so much easier to walk away.
Sweetheart.
That's what I did too. isn't it?
I walked away.
I ran away to the only other Whitley
who ever escaped.
Helen and I talked.
and I suggested to your father
that you stay with us a bit longer.
If you'd like.
Thank you.
-Hey.
-Thank you.
Mm-hmm.
Can we take that as a yes?
-Yes.
-Yes!
It would seem so.
Thank you.
Welcome.
Should I go upstairs the other way?
No. no. no. You have to come this way.
It's a ritual.
Huh?
If this is a test. I'm failing.
It's not a test.
We've been talking about pregame rituals.
With the big game tomorrow night.
we thought we would help you
make a new ritual.
No superstition. No anxiety. No beard.
Oh. and no sweaty socks.
That was high school.
Okay. that started in high school.
So we each have a wish for you.
and the ritual is that
you have to accept the wish and the token.
Wish first.
My wish for you
is that may your victory be sweet.
You're supposed to eat it.
Oh.
Mm-hmm.
My wish is that you remember
all the fame and fortune you need
is already here.
My wish is that
the odds are in your favor.
And if they're not. that you remember
you don't get to choose your odds.
Yes!
My wish is that you always get to do
the things that bring you joy
because you have brought so much joy
to this beautiful family.
Wow. I'm pretty sure
I would've made it to the Series
if I'd had all this
when I was on the Braves.
-Happy Margarita Night. everyone.
-What are you up to this evening. Annie?
CeCe. Lily. and I are taking Jessica
on a tour of Serenity.
Thanks for letting her come with us.
Aunt Helen.
Thanks for inviting her.
-Oh. Bless your warm. loving girl.
-Mm-hmm.
I hope spending some time with her
will help Jessica just relax a bit.
-She's incredibly poised.
-Such elegant manners.
I don't expect girls her age to be so…
-Formal?
-Yeah.
She's bringing it out in Erik too.
I mean. his parents are the same way.
And I… I assumed it was just age.
but. mm-mm. it seems to be part of
how their family does things.
Marry a man. marry his family.
Says the woman with the
sweetest mother-in-law ever.
-How long is Jessica staying for?
-Potentially until the wedding.
Oh. Well. that won't be distracting
for you at all.
Her parents are divorcing.
and so she needs a safe harbor.
and I'm more than happy to offer such.
Well. obviously. I didn't know.
Well. neither did we.
She didn't tell us right away.
and Erik had to pry the confirmation
out of his brother.
Erik's strong and silent leanings seem
to be rooted in a tradition of silence.
Are you and Erik okay?
Pre-wedding jitters look different
for everyone. right?
Yeah.
Erik suddenly has
interesting opinions.
I feel like he's… he's focused on
some adjacent point tied to his family.
But I don't wanna fight with him.
Certainly not over this
and certainly not with her here.
It's your wedding too.
We'll find a way.
even if it's not the Whitley way.
-Well. pour it out.
-Pour it out.
-Okay.
-Yeah.
Pour it out.
All the energy we expend
trying not to fight with them.
and sometimes it resolves itself.
Or it gets worse.
Fair. I wasn't crazy about the idea
of Cal getting back into coach mode
with all the pain
that baseball has caused him.
but practices seem to be going well.
He seems to be having fun.
and… it was kind of nice getting out there
and shaking our pom-poms again. wasn't it?
Dana Sue. she's our gal!
Ah. gonna help inspire Cal!
Oh. wait. That was incredible!
It's incredible? You see why it's not you?
But that's why she is the captain
of the spirit squad. and I am not.
It is a great way to blow off steam.
which I am desperately in need of.
-You mean Clark and the raccoons?
-No. because of Ronnie.
Talk about trying not to fight.
It is taking
every ounce of strength I have
not to shake him
about his blind devotion to the Bike Barn
and what it is doing to our family.
I worry he took on too much.
which makes me worry I took on too much
and the teaching kitchen
is a step too far.
What? Oh. no. ma'am.
We will not stand for such talk. No. no.
Then sit back down.
We deserve to be clear about what we want
and to have the freedom to go after it.
Yes. What's stressing us out
is that we're bracing for failure.
waiting for something to go wrong.
-We should be reaching and growing.
-Yes.
Seeing the possibilities.
not the problems.
-We can do this. Dana Sue.
-Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm.
I may have even figured out
what I wanna do
for my part of our new enterprise.
Don't keep us in suspense.
A bookshop.
To platform important and emerging voices
that might not be heard otherwise.
-Like what you were doing in New York.
-Love it.
Do you know yet
what you are going to do. Helen?
-Not yet.
-Okay.
Mmm. But let's find a building
while I'm thinking about it.
All right. Okay.
Um… Sorry. I…
I didn't want to interrupt you.
I just wanted to thank you
for Papa's baseball card.
He is prouder of this
than anything but his Purple Heart.
I think it's wonderful
how excited they all are.
Yeah.
Papa says
Cal's actually made it fun this year.
A… a tradition instead of an obligation.
That's so nice.
Um…
Where are you sitting?
I… actually don't know.
With Papa playing and Grandma cheering.
I'm just sort of drifting.
Taking it all in.
You're welcome to drift with me.
Yeah. okay.
Let's… let's drift.
-Let's go!
-Are you ready. Serenity?
Let me hear you bark!
Let me hear you yell!
Bulldogs gonna raise some hell!
Whoo-hoo!
Jimmy! We are so glad you could make it.
Hey. Ronnie.
-Dad.
-Hi. sweetie. Mmm.
We had a marketing brainstorm.
and we want you to kick us off.
Mmm.
-A T-shirt…
-Huh?
…with a coupon pinned to it.
We're gonna toss them into the crowd.
Wanna… throw out the first pitch?
I am really glad
the business is going well for you.
-And I can't wait to go over the books.
-Just throw the shirt. Dad.
Okay. here we go.
Step aside and watch your old man.
Hey. who wants one over here. huh?
Good evening. baseball fans.
and welcome to Serenity Field.
-One. Two.
-Three.
Four. Spread 'em.
-One.
-Two.
-Three. Four.
We all wanna grind Castlewood to dust
under our cleats.
but that's not why we're here.
Sure. it is.
We're here to remind everyone
why they love Serenity.
Because we have fun together.
Because we respect each other.
Because we hate Castlewood.
Yeah.
Jumping jacks!
-One.
-Two.
-Three.
-Four.
Play from a place of pure joy.
Play for all the days that baseball
lets you set aside your worries
and lets you focus
on the sound of a good hit.
a good catch. a good slide into home.
Swing for the fences
because you love the game
and each other.
Kill 'em.
Yeah.
Beat Castlewood!
Crush Castlewood!
On the mound
for Serenity. Clark Bellson.
Play ball!
♪ Oh. oh. oh. oh. oh. oh ♪
Yeah!
And he's out!
Are you kidding me?
One down. One down.
-Out!
-Yeah!
Another fine play by Bellson.
Come on. Jordan. Get a hit. bud.
Time!
Play ball!
It's a long. high ball!
And it is gone!
Take that. Senior Year.
Whoo!
Bellson with the first
home run of the night.
You that surprised we scored?
The Bellwether.
Did you see a raccoon?
We should bid on The Bellwether.
Wait. what? Why?
But don't… don't you hate Clark?
I don't have to like him
to be in business with him.
Hm?
I never considered The Bellwether because
Ruth said he'd only sell both pieces.
and that was too big for me.
But now there's three of us.
We could… we could wow him with our bid.
Plus. it's right next door to Sullivan's.
so we'll have all the love and support
just a raccoon's toss away.
What do you think?
A strong hit by Bixby.
Go. go. go! Go!
Safe!
Let's go. Bulldogs!
-Love you. Harlan!
-Let's go. Bulldogs!
There's our answer!
-Okay!
-Okay.
Let's go. Dogs!
Oh. a rare mistake
for Serenity.
What the heck was that. man?
I expected you to catch it.
not watch it go by.
Thing was so high. you needed--
Guys. guys. guys. It's one play.
-Okay.
-Oh. okay. Okay.
Just take a breath.
There you go. Good job. guys.
Seventh inning.
and Coach Hill's Castlewood team
has caught fire.
They have a chance
to really pull ahead with Boyle at bat.
It's a good hit.
But Ramsey has it.
-Yes. Skeeter!
-Easy money!
Easy money!
All right.
-Yes. sir!
-Hey!
Whoo!
Here. let's… let's talk
back at the office.
There's nothing to discuss. I told you
what I want. and you won't do it.
Courtney. please. please.
What's going on here?
Just a friendly disagreement
with his boss. honey.
Don't call me honey.
Jimmy. do something.
Come on down to our stand at least.
People wanna watch the game.
We'll talk to you all later.
Bottom of the ninth. two outs.
Weatherspoon is in the box
and on the spot. folks.
Strike two. Full count.
All right. Gabe. Gabe.
-You got it.
-Shake it off. man. Shake it off.
This next pitch could be
Serenity's last chance to win this game.
And it is out of the park!
Ladies and gentlemen. that's the game.
Serenity wins!
♪ Not gonna slow me down ♪
♪ Not gonna slow me down… ♪
Get it!
Yeah. baby!
♪ Not gonna slow me down… ♪
Good job!
♪ Not gonna slow me down ♪
♪ Not gonna slow me down… ♪
♪ Whoo-hoo ♪
Are you always working?
Not always.
So you go out to dinner sometimes?
Sometimes.
Cool. Let's figure that out.
♪ Whoo-hoo ♪
Go. Annie! Go. Annie! Go. Annie!
I've kept this trophy in Castlewood
for nine years.
The only reason I have to give it up today
is because of you.
Thank you. Coach Hill.
but it's all about the Serenity team.
It's all about you… being a pro.
A ringer.
What I am
is a restaurant owner
who loves his town. this tradition.
and a worthy opponent.
So thank you. Coach Hill.
for a great game.
Let's go!
Listen up. We came out here for some fun.
Yeah? See old friends?
Why spoil that?
Yeah. and it's drinks on the house
at Sullivan's and Friends
for anyone who wants to be a friend.
Excuse me. Chef? Sir?
Now you're talking!
We're gonna need a head start.
Go. Go. go. go!
See you there.
Well-done. Cal.
Mmm.
-May I?
-Yeah.
I'm sorry Coach Hill
was such a poor sport.
I hope that didn't take away
from your enjoyment.
I had such a great…
What the heck?
Hey. Cal.
Hey.
Maddie?
Jodie. What a surprise!
Mom. I don't know that you've met
Jodie Radzicki before.
This is one of Cal's friends
from his MLB days.
Oh. hi. Nice to meet you.
Good to meet you.
What are you… doing here?
I heard about the game. and I had to come.
And when you're not so busy.
I have… a big question to ask you.